c:\users\itdwzm\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\WebApplication1.dll.config
c:\users\itdwzm\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\WebApplication1.dll
c:\users\itdwzm\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\WebApplication1.pdb
c:\users\itdwzm\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.jQuery.dll
c:\users\itdwzm\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.jQuery.UI.Combined.dll
c:\users\itdwzm\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.dll
c:\users\itdwzm\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.dll
c:\users\itdwzm\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.dll
c:\users\itdwzm\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.dll
c:\users\itdwzm\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.dll
c:\users\itdwzm\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.dll
c:\users\itdwzm\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\itdwzm\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.FriendlyUrls.dll
c:\users\itdwzm\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Membership.OpenAuth.dll
c:\users\itdwzm\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\itdwzm\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
c:\users\itdwzm\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\System.Net.Http.dll
c:\users\itdwzm\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\itdwzm\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.xml
c:\users\itdwzm\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.xml
c:\users\itdwzm\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.xml
c:\users\itdwzm\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.xml
c:\users\itdwzm\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.xml
c:\users\itdwzm\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.xml
c:\users\itdwzm\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Membership.OpenAuth.xml
c:\users\itdwzm\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.FriendlyUrls.xml
c:\users\itdwzm\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\System.Net.Http.xml
c:\users\itdwzm\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\zh-Hans\EntityFramework.resources.dll
c:\users\itdwzm\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.Providers.resources.dll
c:\users\itdwzm\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.AspNet.Membership.OpenAuth.resources.dll
c:\users\itdwzm\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.AspNet.FriendlyUrls.resources.dll
c:\users\itdwzm\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\zh-Hans\System.Net.Http.resources.dll
c:\users\itdwzm\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\obj\Release\WebApplication1.dll
c:\users\itdwzm\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\obj\Release\WebApplication1.pdb
c:\users\itdwzm\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\obj\Release\WebApplication1.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
